Brent Kimm
My ideal job is in Application Development with React Native, and I would be classified as a .NET Developer. According to the Burning Glass data, the demand for this role is high as it is ranked at #3, this has reinforced my desire to explore this role to a greater extent. I feel as though I already possess the general skills required for this role. I am very interested in my brief studies with IT-related skills and I think a career in this field would be a good fit for me.

Thomas Lewis
My Ideal Job is the role of (Metagames system programmer) test analysis, or in other words, quality assurance in the video game industry. Having considered the presented Burning Glass Technology’s data my consideration of an ideal job has not been reconsidered. I reason that I will require branching into some higher demand skills primarily communication & further exploration of JavaScript.

Leonard McDonald
My ideal job requires IT skills that I hadn’t considered before researching the burning glass technologies data and talking among my team members, some of these skills require only the basic use and understanding, i.e. SQL. I had originally researched a career which would maintain my interest and allow consistent learning and creativity, this ideal job has not changed but with the burning glass data I have gained an idea of the technologies businesses find useful and I will use this experience to continue to look towards IT predictions.

Lochlann Keenan Kelli
So far, my ideal job has not changed. This is because I am currently focusing on a job which I feel is achievable within my skill sets. As I start to progress through the course my ideal job will most likely change but right now, I would like to aim for what I feel most comfortable with and along the way find whether or not I change my goal. I would like to take my IT career in different stages.
A quick search of Field Technician Jobs on https://www.seek.com.au/field-technician-jobs
Shows 3,582 jobs availabilities (17th Oct 2020)

Michael Heaney
There are two ideal jobs that take my interest. First is in web development which ranks at #15 in the burning glass technologies data, and the second is graphic design ranking at #2. Both of these jobs have similar skill requirements yet don’t directly link or overlap. As it stands after more research, I will need to expand my current skillset to make these ideal jobs more achievable, but my ideal jobs have not changed.

Steve Holman
I do not believe that my ideal job has changed at all. Being a .NET developer has been a goal of mine for a long time and is a field that I already have experience with. I previously understood the skills required to perform this job and am trying to gain as much knowledge about it to start my career in this field.
